Hello, everyone.
So in the previous video, we have created a student constructor and passed the argument for new mandates.
Yes.
So.
We have passed that three variables, and these are trees.
These are for free spirit entered the face of the school soirées.
If a student is admitted in the school, the fees paid by him or her is zero in the Magne and the total
fees is supposed to collect 10000 soirées.
So this is not compulsory to add this keyboard to free spirit and see students as they are not fast
as an argument in this constructor.
So, but for the uniformity in the code, I am attaching this, you know, free spirit and face to delivering
those.
So now we have to set the grade and you must be wondering next what Jesus said.
So we have certain guesstimating Java for updating our variable.
Suppose if a variable is changing continuously, then firstly, we have to certify to our value and
then the compiler will receive it after the execution.
With the help of getting one.
So yes, sir, I didn't get that in Java already.
Thought you?
For updating variables, so you must be wondering why we haven't gone sick and get for sex one ID and
name so, you know, name and idea of a person, our student, whenever he is admitted to a school,
never changes.
It remains constant for the rest of his life, like if a student is admitted to the school, what name
is registered in the school directory, it will remain the same.
So we do not have to worry about setting them name and the ID.
But what about the grade?
And upgraded the main theme for the rest of the life.
Think about it.
So that there's never any means seen it changes after every half yearly exam on the final exam.
Suppose if a student score a like 90 out of hundred in an exam, it doesn't remain same.
It is already very interesting that the dates in racing these changes.
And so we need to send the green offset every for every student.
Every student has different views.
So for setting that rate for every student, you have to use this not for every student and.
For I.D., we have called this function public and get it.
It does not need to be said if just need to be guess, and this function returns the idea first.
Let me comment this out for your convenience returns.
The irony of the stolen.
And this part
sent the updates, the segment that is used for updates, so I'm using up the grade of my student years.
Similarly for the name.
We created this function.
Public string get name, and this returns the name of a specific student and returns the name of the
student.
So yes, we have.
Get full name and I.D. now we have to get the grade of the student public in good grade.
We are using Camel Case for a better understanding of the gold.
So you get a great.
This returns the lead,
so here we are.
We have sent anger for all the variables declared in the above student class.
Now we will jump to the teacher class and make a featured or Java file.
In our Sazi folder as well.
So naming this class as teacher or Java.
We have a class named teacher.
Now what a teacher can attain as a variable.
Think about it and then right at with your own experience.
Soirées a teacher can have an I.D. on me and a salary, so initializing the variables as private access
specify.
We have already discussed dicked about in the student section private string funding names are string.
We know that, but I read their salary.
So yes, if a teacher is here for teaching in this school, he or she must be expecting a salary.
But now, in a similar manner, in the student class, we will create a constructor named Teacher for
the Teacher Class as well.
Our constructor is the object.
We know it's the same name as the class and contains arguments.
Basically, it is a copy of the class we have made, and if we can pass out government of I.D. name
and Stanley Soirées calling all of the things which we declared in the above class I.D. name
and salary, of course.
And salary is equal to salary.
Obviously, this is wrong.
Oh yes.
Huh.
So here we are.
We have created this new Teacher of the Year.
Let me comment this out for your convenience.
Cleared this path, cleared, sir, new teacher object, new teacher object.
Yes.
So here we have an I.D. for every feature name, for every teacher and a salary for every teacher,
whenever we call it, for a specific teacher.
It will consist of our ID, name and salary.
So in the student section, we have our fees and the fees total fine.
So the fees total part was suppose like one thousand and the fees paid was zero in the magni.
So similarly for teacher, in the beginning, the salary arm should be declared so private in salary.
Own
is declared in the class.
And in the constructor, this large salary earned.
Is Zito in the bag?
Yes.
So.
After this, after a successful creation of object and Class B ring, use the get and send method as
we previously used in the student on Java Phi.
So let me give you a quick reminder about sex and give.
So we have used as primate as our access pacifier for this feature class.
So for accessing this variable in the class, as we know that private private initialize ramble could
not be accessed by any other class in this function.
So for and even for using it for the same function, we use set and get methods so set and provide access
and update of the value for a private variable.
If we need to access like all this debt and if we want to update the value of a private access specified
variable, we use segment Soyuz.
Similarly, as for this 2.0 file, Newman said.
The.
Salary, yes, salary, so you must be wondering for the student.
We haven't said no I.D. And then so similarly for the teachers, we will not say that idea.
And then as when a teacher joins the school, the idea is provided and which is safe to that dataset
and we missing for the rest of the life and then name as well.
But the salary may increase in future if the school is impressed by a teacher's performance.
So yes, we will all get and set for salary and later on they will initialize our function for it,
any which way they've done it, any for that teacher.
So this public function contains the integer I do, and this function returns the idea of the teacher.
So let me comment this out for your convenience.
We've done the I.D. of our teacher.
So yes.
The ID is it.
Similarly, we have to return the new so copying the above code and.
The name is a string, of course, so everything it does name get names, a string and this is going
to have the name of their teachers.
Yes.
Is it does the.
The name of the feature.
Yes.
No, for the salary.
First, we have to set the salary and then updated in case if it is needed.
So yes, this is for the salary.
This the salary dipoles determines the salary of our teacher.
Yes.
So salaries are in danger.
Has this particular design now for setting the salary?
We have used public void search, salary in salary, Soyuz.
This is the snippet for setting something in German public words said salary and insight.
We have to declare the parameters what is needed to be said.
So this part what it does?
Let me comment this out of me.
The salary of RTG starting salary can be updating if whenever changes are mentioned, it is being asked
for.
Public void, search, salary in salary, this large salary is salary, so yes, we have successfully
settled and get all the variables which were declared here.
So the first part of this teacher class is completed.
Congratulations.